now when you're on our show you told a
hilarious story about Will and Jada and
do celebrities big celebrities in
particular now worry about interacting
with you because they feel they might
become part of your comedy act I don't
know I would you know personally I
haven't had any really major problems
with that like this my thing like people
say Oh Tiffany you got a big mouth
people going to be worried about hanging
out with you well I don't want to hang
out with people that are worried about
hanging out with me because obviously
you doing something you ain't got no
business you're almost like a journalist
everything is on the record no no no cuz
I'm pants with a lot of functions and I
will never tell you about some of those
things okay you know yeah I see oh
really
so there is a line that you will not
cross um yeah yeah just yeah you met
Leonardo DiCaprio is that a recent
meeting I heard a little bit about the
story I'd love to hear it from me okay
so I met him at this prize invited to
this party in Beverly Hills right now
you need to know this when I first met
he went up me and Kevin met and stuff he
told me to make this listener heart ya
heart yes he told me to make a list so
Leonardo was on that list okay so and
that was the it was to get pregnant by
him my name is Tiffany Haddish and I
think that you were such a talent
surprise I thank you I think you had you
really funny I saw you with Chris
rocking all right I was like oh thank
you thank you so I just want to tell you
something I would I was like I want to
hear stipulations to see I want to I
want to get something but I only want to
do it to you as your character out of
West Eating Gilbert Grape
so he would be in character well I like
my men a little weak but also I feel
like an amazing an amazing job I think
you did an excellent performance and I
feel like you deserve an award in here
[Applause]
it's you know he's like oh I work with
these kids for two weeks and then you
know working with Johnny Depp was such
an experience was and he's all for still
out there
take me up on it I don't know if he
thought I was playing but I was dead he
probably thought you're kidding you is
that love making a character is that
something that you are interested in I'm
definitely interested in that like okay
so like just a few months back I met
this guy right and he said he was a
performer or whatever he's unemployed at
the time and I was like look you um you
seem very talented you know I but you if
you want to play I don't even let you
stay in my house it's just when I come
home I want you to be a different
character from black history every time
I come
sniffing your skills I'm gonna be
Thurgood Marshall Martin Luther King
maybe he'd be Malcolm eggs
you know I said from here to be here you
sir show me where the railroad thanks
for watching and remember every time you
click the subscribe button one of your
enemies gets destroyed